# AngularQuiz
Quiz created using angular and json
  This project was a struggle for me. After going through the lessons, I thought I was very comfortable. I was just going to use *ngFor, {{}}, and put each question and option from the Json file into the correct spot in the form. However, every time I put *ngFor in a div or form, everything in that div or form disappeared. For 3 days, I was struggling trying to figure out what was wrong. I tried everything. I looked at all the projects we did. I scoured the internet. I looked everywhere. I could not figure out why *ngFor was not only not working, but making the html disappear. After many hours of trial and error, I realized that my time was running very low. I knew I had to get the Json data into the web page and the only way that was working was through a table. It dawned on me that I could make my quiz similar to a scantron test; have the questions separate from the answer sheet. I rushed to get it done. I ended up getting it to work, however, there is a strange bug with the grading system and I couldn’t figure out what it was. Most of the time the grading works fine. But sometimes, if the page isn’t refreshed a couple times after an initial submit, the answer key gets skewed. And it’s never the same. It marks a couple questions wrong that are right, and doesn’t mark incorrect ones. I apologize that I could not get my program to work the way I initially intended and that there are bugs in my current project. I will work extra hard to ensure this does not happen again. Thank you.
